Ladies and gentlemen, coming to you from downtown Burbank, California.
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's welcome the Dungeon Master himself, Spencer, Criterion Edition.
Here he comes.
And now, let's welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.wn.
Thank you.
Here's the mayor of Harmontown in front of us, Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, rapping, rapping, rapping at the top of the show.
Flow.
All right.
Oh, yeah, that was slick, man.
Holy shit.
I think that was my most pared down, but therefore admirable freestyling in the history of the show.
Well, Schrab's controlling this episode.
You're welcome, Sauron.
He looks like no face.
He's already doing physical bits.
Hey, I was the one that wanted to do the podcast on video.
This is you.
Yeah, this is you.
What do you remind me of?
That's a Sesame Street Muppet, right?
Those youp, youp, youp, youp, youp, youp, youp guys.
Yeah, I remind you of that.
In that jacket with the hood over.
Okay.
In the audio world, what's going on?
Nothing.
I'm on deadline.
I have to finish the script tonight.
So I'm going to try to...
So we're going to talk double fast to get the show done.
Wait, but don't distract from what's going on in the audio world.
Oh.
Well, that's what I was just switching over to not talking about what Schrab looked like.
Oh, right.
No, let's talk about what Schrab looks like.
Well, that would be going back into the video world.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, let's not do that.
Let's not go back into the video world.
Well, it's going to be a great show.
No.
Yeah.
Never in the history of the opening of the show have there ever been more milestones
of that in the span of two minutes.
This is the part where I talk about whatever's going on.
Like I said, I got to finish the script.
Excuse me.
That was Schrab.
Oh, was it?
I covered my mouth, but I didn't think you would hear that.
Yeah, so I'm probably going to, I'll probably have one drink at some point in the show,
maybe even three, because I'll start to get nervous that the show is going poorly because
I'm bad at doing a show, but I really got to keep my shit together.
Yeah.
I got to fucking, my therapist told me I am sitting on this script because it is my last
chance to be miserable.
I am this close to happy.
That's interesting.
I'm going through the same thing myself.
I'm having a...
What are you using to make yourself miserable?
Doing nothing.
Just postponing stuff, procrastinating.
Well, Cody right now is at home just, you know, she probably doesn't mind me telling
this because she just finished, she's on hiatus at her regular job and then her other project
that she put a lot, you know, she's spent a year of a relationship with this series of
scripts and that lifetime has come to an end.
So she's having that like writer postpartum kind of depression.
And it's just funny because we're all miserable.
You're miserable because you don't have a job to do.
Cody's miserable because her job is over.
I'm miserable because I won't stop working.
And I think it's like the grass is greener, never applied more.
Like we are afraid to deal.
Look, I'm just going to go there because my therapist goes there.
We're afraid to deal with God.
Like I...
And if you're an atheist, I applaud you because that just means you're a scientist and a skeptic
and we need those more than ever.
So when I say God, you just think universe, think chaos.
But I don't want to pussy foot around about it because I believe in a God that like made my sister retarded
and will just give you leukemia because he's bored.
So I'm like scared of God and like, I don't want to move on to that part of my life where I have to have a relationship
with this thing I picture as a big Dan Harmon head in the sky that's like psycho and just does crazy shit.
Just to remind you that he's around.
I feel like a relationship with God is like owing Polly and good fellas money.
It's like he's doing you favors and now you're like, what do I have to do and you don't know.
And I've wanted forever to control that.
I've wanted to do it.
That's what a writer does or a workaholic does is they say, well, I'm in charge of my bad luck and my good luck.
I'm in charge of whether or not I'm having a bad day.
But it's crazy to do that because I've been doing it for 45 years and what if tomorrow I find a lump or whatever.
It's like I'm going to be double the sucker.
I just got to stop pretending like it's hard to write.
It's just been the biggest scam that I've ever perpetrated on myself and humanity.
What I do is not difficult and I think I'm ashamed of that.
I try to make it like it's like art or something and it's like so tired.
Do you think you're doing that because if it wasn't difficult, it wouldn't be work?
Yeah.
I think the voice of my brother who I've tried not to mention on this podcast because we don't speak to each other because I mentioned him on the podcast.
I've tried to like I'm not going to talk about my brother, but another way of looking at it is I can do nothing but talk shit about my brother now forever.
But my brother is five years older than me and growing up.
It's just like this chorus of like he was the guy who was like, yeah, you got mom convinced, but you're a fucking idiot.
Like my brother knew I was smart, but like you're not special. You're not like like you just you're just a lazy piece of shit.
You know, and like you're spoiled and you're entitled and mom buys it.
And just because just because I am five years older than you and I smoke weed first and I set fire to the mailbox first and then the driveway first.
And then I poured motor oil in the neighbor's swimming pool first and dropped out of high school first and and hit the house with a baseball bat first.
Just because I'm doing all those things first doesn't mean you're not going to do them.
And even if you don't do them, it'll only because you had me as an example.
And the truth is you're just a charlatan, you know, you're just like this.
You just you're the you're the baby.
You like you got you got it all. You got you got you got everything like lined lined up for you.
And and that and that that voice is an important voice because it keeps you especially in these days of like monitoring checking privilege and whatever.
It's like I got I got like this great fucking antenna for that because I'm just always going you little piece of shit in my head over and over again.
Like you're not you're not stuff trying to act like you're fucking talented.
You're not talented and all this stuff.
And so the idea of me being like like just good or lucky, like, you know, it has to do with my sister too.
It's like it's just it just fucks with me.
But it's it's it's been selfish to to like think of it that way.
It's been it's it's it doesn't make any sense.
It's not productive at all. Sorry I have my back to you Spencer.
No, I like suspicion that you're God.
So I wanted to leave you out of this for a little bit.
Right.
If you are God, prove it.
If I was God, wouldn't it like betray my purposes to prove it at this point?
He just proved that I don't think so.
I at my therapist said, could you be crazier?
That's what she wants.
No, she said she said, could you live with the fact that you weren't like the special one?
You know, like, I mean, like, you know, like, because you you feel like because I've I've had problems where just like, well, you know, you get you get the spotlight.
And and then all of a sudden your brain goes blank and you can't figure it out or whatever.
And just like, well, well, maybe don't be tempted by the spotlight.
You know, you don't have to be the best.
Yeah.
And especially with writing, you know, like writing is and any art is like when you go like, oh, I'm going to make the best thing I've ever done before.
That's usually failure.
But if you go, I'm going to make a piece of shit that's just going to be fun to do.
That's when you do your best work.
Yeah.
And another thing my therapist pointed out is like, you know what, you know what, aside from being like cheating, you know, if you were to just do what's easy and fun for you and let yourself be good at it and fast at it.
And it's like you you you work like barely at all.
Aside from not being fair.
Another thing that that would be is effeminate because it's like I have this masculine relationship, this faux Hemingway relationship with the idea of writing.
Like, oh, you've got to dig and make and decide and create and alter and and and ultimately it's it's taking something that should not be dichotomous.
It should be success and failure or kill or be killed or good or bad writing and and and it and turning it into that.
That's what you do when you're like competitive and petty and self loathing and about your work.
Like, oh, I want to this is a shot.
I'm writing shitty today.
Now I'm writing good.
This has to be the best.
And then you wonder why you take six months to write something that could take you three hours.
Like, you've decided to like get into a ring and like make everything about like combat.
And do you write every day?
Do you like?
No, no.
Do you dip?
But when you when you decide I'm going to write today, do you write like a couple of hours?
Do you write?
How long?
I mean, do you sit down and go, I'm going to do a marathon?
Or do you do like?
I have a 10 minutes at a time.
I'm interested here because the because I'll answer that question, the show after I turn in the script that I've been working on for way too long.
Right.
Because I want to answer that question honestly.
And if I answer it honestly right now, the people that that that are that I've been torturing by sitting on this script like might just find me and shoot me because I know that that answer is that that's part of the thing that we dread is like, well, what page are you on?
What what what how long did you know, like what's the it's like?
Yeah, if I if I was working six hours a day, this entire time on this and focusing on it, of course, it would have been done by now.
I get I try to write every day.
But what I end up doing is I go to my spot, I open up my laptop, and I stare at the computer for six to eight hours.
Then I close it up and then go.
I can't work.
I'll start on it tomorrow.
So I'll do I and I'll be doing that for months and months and months.
Yeah.
I mean, believe me, I I'll maybe write like three sentences.
I'll I mean, it used to be so much easier because I would write I would write because I would go, oh, I'm a shitty writer.
I'm just going to write a piece of shit.
And it was so much easier back then.
It is a good enough segue.
I mean, we could because we can talk with our guest about all the other crap, which is just like everyone else just going like, holy shit, the world is exploding.
And we can talk about that with our guest, but what a good segue because we have a woman writer, not a female writer.
That's a that's a callback to one of her pieces.
She's got if you go if you go to our website, Carol brown.com, you can see there's like a there's like a list of the shit she's written for Jezebel and and other sites.
And she has blog entries and stuff and she's like it's it's it's all really great stuff.
I'm looking forward to just making friends with her chatting with her.
Please welcome Carol Brown.
Hello.
I'm not good at greeting people.
I don't know if he's terrible at it.
Hello.
Would you like some vodka?
Oh, man, you know, I'm getting over a cold.
So vodka helps that right.
Yeah.
And then it'll yeah.
So dig in.
You dig into the ice with your with your.
That's a lot of ice.
Yeah.
He uses all of that by the end of the show.
Do you want me to pour it for you?
You know, like a gentleman.
I'm a guest, you know, or am I going to read an article on Jezebel next week of why men need to stop pouring.
You know, if I was still a Jezebel, it might be a concern.
We'll see.
That's good.
That was that.
Thank you.
You've also retired your shade court.
Oh my gosh, you know about shade court.
Well, because I went to your website.
So I was like, like looking through all your stuff.
I thought your voice was amazingly crisp and.
Oh, like.
I was like, like, I, you, you literally have an entry that talks about this like angry black woman, like stereotype and how people can't like, and so it's, it's.
It's hard to like you're a white guy and you're like, you read stuff and you go like, I want, I want to let this person know that they're intimidating because that would be a good compliment, but maybe not to.
No, I know, I know what you mean because I've gotten intimidating.
I think outside of the fact that I'm a black woman, like I know that I'm kind of like an intimidating person.
So I think you can, I think you can divorce the two.
I am intimidating so you can say it.
I won't, I won't write about it tomorrow.
You say it.
You have a, you also have a pasta fetish.
You have a pasta.
I live at your website.
I was like, I think we'll probably get along.
I think this will be fine.
I make, I make fresh pasta.
Fancy pasta bitch.
Yeah.
I, I do do that.
It was sort of a response, I think to like I started early last year and I was like, this feels like it's going to be a long ass four years.
Hopefully.
And I, I needed like some sort of, I like it because it's a busy body type of hobby.
Like you, you're doing something with your hands, but it doesn't necessarily require a lot of like brain power and you can watch TV or do something like that.
And then at the end you get to eat pasta.
So.
But you hate arugula and continues to make us.
He's literally missing everything on my website.
I was so glad to see somebody just shit on arugula.
It's disgusting.
I'm so tired of people acting like it's like delicious.
It's everywhere too.
Yeah.
They put it on everything.
They won't, they won't, they won't put it in the menu description.
By the way, we're going to put what you call scraggly ass and what it was about.
Arugula.
I don't even remember that one.
It's scraggly lettuce.
Yeah.
On top of your shit that's going to like.
In the mixed salad.
It tastes like you got lost.
Yeah.
You know, when they give you like a side salad and they don't tell you arugula is in the side salad.
I hate that.
Yeah.
Um, but the headline item is that you're a TV writer.
You, you, you, did you, were you on blackish?
No, no, I actually went from Jezebel to Gronish.
Okay.
Um, it was, it was, yeah, made, made that leap.
Um, Gronish is the spin-off of blackish.
Yes.
I, I honestly have not only seen clips of blackish even though I did a panel with the creator
and we, he's, he's much more respectful to my work than obviously I am of his or toward
his, not of his cause I haven't seen it.
Um, but the, so I don't know.
Can you describe?
Yeah.
So, um, blackish is about a black family.
Um, gross.
I know, right?
Uh, Cosby show, Esk, just in that it's like, um, you know, a well to do black family right
now, um, navigating all of that.
Um, and in the show, the oldest daughter, uh, uh, her name's Zoe Johnson played by Yara
Shahidi.
And so our show is Yara going off to college.
Um, conveniently a different world Esk.
Um, and her, her dealing with all of that and being in college right now and, and all
that bullshit.
Were you a different world fan?
I was, I was a little young to watch it while it was on, but later I, I would watch a different
world.
Yeah.
And so you're way too young to, did you watch Cosby and like syndication or?
Yeah, I think.
Yeah.
What was it?
What's your take as a modern millennial?
I'm assuming millennial.
I don't know.
Okay.
Like what's your take on the, on the, on the huckstables as, as a black family on television?
I mean, I love the Cosby show.
I think like everyone.
I actually still do.
I wrote about, I wrote a piece about this recently where like in sort of the wake of all of this
stuff that's happening and coming up.
Like for me, I may not fuck with Bill Cosby anymore, but it seems really disingenuous
to act like I didn't love the Cosby show because it was wonderful.
And I get that for a lot of people it's tainted now, like understandably and it could be difficult
to watch.
But, um, you know, I'm not going to pretend like it wasn't amazing and like groundbreaking
and that, um, I didn't love seeing a family like that on television.
It sort of seems like, I mean, especially at its, at its high point when there were
still only three or four networks, there's a different game being played that we, that
we learned from now, which is that the, I'm always pointing out the Norman Lear philosophy,
which is that we're not, our goal is not to like, well, I don't know.
All I know is that what, what, what Norman Lear was, was, was, was like looking at himself
and going like, look, I don't, I don't look like the family that I'm about to create a
show for, but if I don't, um, nobody will.
And then the syndrome will continue where people are watching television and seeing
nobody that looks like them, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
And, um, and so like it's, it just seems like TV, like we, we, we made a decision to worship
it.
We made a decision, a decision that, that it wasn't even going to be about quality.
It's not art.
It was like, uh, it's like a barn raising or a church, you know, like we, and so it,
it, that I watched the Cosby show every night and like I was, it was like, you know, you
would read in TV guide this and that about the idea of it having something to do with
blackness, but the more important thing was that it was the Cosby show and it was, it
was the Huckstables and it was like always going to be amazing and funny.
And part of that was like listening to this like audience that may or may not have existed
in the live studio, losing their fucking shit because this episode is about, you know, might
come down to Bill Cosby, like making a face for his daughter to help her get over a cold
or something.
And it just doesn't, everyone's just pissing themselves and we just, we just took part
in it.
I don't know what my God damn point is.
I'm having my very first, like I'm a bad interviewer vodka, so it's not going to make me a good
interviewer, but like, so what, so your perspective on this though is like, it's a little different,
like, because I'm, I'm possibly 20 or more years older than you have no idea.
I'm not going to ask, um, but like, what do you, what do you make of these shifting definitions?
Like as far as, as far as white people are concerned, like your advice to them, like
in terms of like, are you supposed to, let's just start with the basic, are you supposed
to recognize race or, or this fantasy of being colorblind, like, like, let's get that out
of there.
Don't say colorblind.
Yeah, that's bad.
Like we tried that for like this tremendous amount of time and it just didn't, it's not
real.
I don't want, I don't know that, and it, colorblindness is, is sort of saying like, just pretend
everyone's white.
That's like kind of what people mean when they say colorblind and like, I don't want, like
I like being black, so I don't need anyone to act like I'm not, and I'm sure that other
people of color like being whatever they are.
And so, and I'm sure white people love being white because it seems incredible.
So, um, I went into a library the other day and they said, you don't have to bring the
books back.
Really?
Yeah.
I was just like, what?
They're like, they did this like gesture.
I was like, oh, and then there was a black guy behind me and they were like, this is
overdue.
And he was like, well, I know that's how the libraries work and the person, the librarian
was like, shh.
I didn't know that's what they meant by shh.
All right.
And it was, sorry.
The, the, um, what is going on?
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I followed all of that.
Yeah.
The, the, the, the, but, okay.
So this is your, this is your first step into TV, right?
From prose, from essay.
Yes.
Um, how did you get the job?
Um, I got the job.
So I had been, so I'd been at Jezebel.
I actually, like when I moved to LA, I moved, I was living in New York.
I moved to LA with the intention of getting into TV writing.
Um, and I had a really strong start at Jezebel.
So I kind of got distracted.
I was like, Tana Hasey Coates knows my name.
Who the fuck cares about TV?
And then Gawker filed for bankruptcy and I panicked.
And also I think it clarified that ultimately what I was trying to do.
And so I had been working on a sample that I ended up finishing in like two weeks out
of just like sheer desperation, um, and a friend, he helped me edit it.
And then he actually, he was wrapped, he's wrapped at CAA.
They were having this comedy writers boot camp kind of seminar thing and it was aimed
towards women and people of color, um, and so they're like panels and networking, whatever.
And so Issa Rae was one of the speakers.
And so I knew that she, she followed me on Twitter and I was like, I know, I think she
knows who I am and has read my writing.
And so I went up to her and she immediately was like, Oh my God, hello, look, I didn't
know you were interested in TV.
And so she had her deal, she has her deal with HBO.
And so she was looking for a material and I was like, I literally have this one script.
And I sent it to her team and they're like, cool, and they liked it and they sent it
to HBO.
And then all of a sudden I had a meeting with an Amy at HBO, which meant nothing to me.
I was like, I don't know guys, I'm going to, she's the head of comedy at HBO, had no idea.
And people, um, a bunch of people who like didn't really give a shit before started to
give a shit.
So like that's how I got my agents, because like I had sort of been sending things to
friends and agencies and obviously nobody cared until you had something going on.
And then I just spent the beginning of 2017, like doing all those generals and that slog.
And then I had been going into ABC a lot and they kept being like, we think Kenya, Kenya
Bears who created Blackish and created Gronich, they're like, we think Kenya will like you,
we think Kenya will like you.
And I kind of had to wait until the show had been picked up.
He didn't like want to meet anyone until everything was ready.
And then I drove to Encino and we had, we had coffee and, and then I got the job.
This is exciting.
Yeah.
Are you, are you, so you're just, you're a staff writer entering and like, are, what
are, what are, well, and you can say, I don't want to talk about this because I don't want
to start my, my TV career, uh, even risking doing the right thing, but I was just like
curious, like what are your, what are your nightmare scenarios in your head when you
think about the first day of school?
Like I, the thing is I had been working from home for three years.
So the idea of just interacting with humans all day was like, I, it was all I need.
Like I was so desperate for human contact that it would have had to have been such an
unbelievable nightmare for me to have like been unhappy with the setup.
So, um, I don't know.
I just didn't really like, one of the things that I think has helped me is there's a lot
of stuff that I didn't really know, like in the same way that I didn't really know who
Amy was.
I was like, I don't know guys, like this will be fine.
And, um, because I didn't really know what to be afraid of.
I wasn't that afraid of things.
Most of the value in a staff writer, I mean, like, like you're, the town runs on fresh
blood from the Midwest.
By the way, where did you grow up?
I grew up in Seattle, Seattle, Washington.
Yeah.
That, that naivete, Schrab and I are never going to get that back where we did our best
writing when we were probably how old you are.
I'm not going to ask.
Um, but we were like, we, we wrote this pilot called heat vision and jagged it might as
well have been called.
We don't know how TV works.
Like, like we just, we just grew up watching it and we just like love the idea of a talking
motorcycle kind of thing.
It was like, like that naivete is, which is a bad word for it.
It's, it's, it's, it's not naivete.
It's, it's, I mean, there was so much stuff I didn't, like when the scripts kept coming
back in different colors and I was like, I was like, I didn't want to ask anyone.
Like, obviously I was going to ask, like, you know, someone in charge.
And so I might have asked one of the writers assistants, or I think I maybe just figured
it out.
I was like, Oh, it's a different draft.
It's a different draft when the scripts are in different color.
And I was like, Oh, it's purple today.
Does that mean I did bad?
Yeah.
Like didn't really figure it out.
Um, yeah.
I never knew.
I guess I kind of still don't know when, because people will like make jokes about,
you know, in community.
It's like, okay, we're on, we're on tier three of like, we've been in salmon.
We've been in triple, triple, triple blues.
We've definitely flipped the, flipped the rainbow a couple times with our rewrites.
Like,
What do you do when you go back to blue?
You just hope by that time, it's mathematically impossible that there's a still blue pages
left from the first time you had a meltdown.
If you've done that many rewrites, how can it be possible that there's still first blue?
I think you, I think there is some kind of like, I, I, this is, this is why writers
when that situation is happening, you, you're less concerned exactly which blue pages you're
looking at because it's like we're fucking 12 days behind.
Yeah.
Well, I also, I also, like it, it makes me wonder, yeah, I always, I would never could
tell because who's going to come up to me and say, um, you know, there's way too many
colors in the binder, you know, it's fucking ridiculous.
I would always say this is getting crazy.
Can we, can we repaginate?
Like this is like, because they do this thing where the pages break because they don't want
the other page numbers to change.
So then you end up on community and feel like, you know, just turn the page and then Troy
says, uh, Troy and Abed in the, and then you've turned the page because I changed it to morning.
Um, anyways, the, uh, that's, that's, that's a reason why I, as much as I, I understand
that people who like tweet me or through other channels like inquire about the concept of
a writer's assistant, I know that the image in their head is like of a squire with like
a quill, you know, that he hands to Shakespeare when Shakespeare gets in a duel with, with
another writer.
And that happens.
It does happen.
It's just not the main part of the job.
Yeah.
It's not, it's not.
I think God, I never had to be here.
I would have been, if I had had to come up and sort of like the traditional, like a P.A.
and then a writer's P.A.
And I would have, I wouldn't, I would have found a different career.
I'm not organized.
Like I find that job insane and they're so like, I would have, I wouldn't have made
it through a season of television.
That's right.
Yeah, for sure.
I, I, it's, it's, it's legitimately, I guess, I guess I'm saying this like it's a mindblower
because what isn't it, but it's harder work than the, the, the writing on the show.
We just sit around and talk.
Yeah.
And the fact that the writer's assistant is there means that what is, well, already
an easier, easy job, which is going, what if a guy had a horse?
We now just like sit there and like vape and go, what if a guy had a horse and like it's
up to Tim to remember that we said it and a lot of those people are good writers.
It's not like, oh, those people are science brains, like they're clerical thinkers.
Like they're, no, they're, they're, they're decent writers who go on to good writing careers
and, and, and then you look back and go, oh man, that poor fucking guy.
I, yeah.
Oh, anyways.
Couldn't have been me.
Well, let's talk about like fraud complex, have you, have you, is it, is it, is it different
for you?
Like at all?
Like you, you, you're, you, you, when you leap from the pages of, of, of the internets
into, into a writer's room like that, do you ever, like, are you, are you plagued with
anxiety about, I don't deserve this or anything like that?
I mean, I think one of the things for me is that I had been writing professionally for
three years, like people were giving me money to write.
And also because it's the internet, I was getting a lot of feedback.
So I was like, I know, like when I first wrote that, that script, I was like, I know I'm
not a shitty writer because like it would have, someone would have figured it out over
the course of three years.
I don't know if I'm good at writing comedy scripts, but it's probably not going to be
super shitty because I'm not a super shitty writer.
So it helped me in that regard.
I mean, I feel like even now, like I just wrote, I wrote a cover story for the fader
on the singer SZA and it was the first feature like profile I'd ever written.
And so I, when I finished the story, I was like, I think this is fine.
I was like, this is a fine story.
And the response has been much, people think it's much better than fine.
But that's usually how I am with my writing.
So I, you know, even like when I was at Jezebel and I would write something, I was like,
this isn't that funny.
And then the commenters like are finding it really funny.
So I know that my standard is different.
So I think it, and I kind of knew that so I was like, even if I think this is fine,
I think other people think it's better than that.
So I wasn't as nervous about that.
But I don't know.
It's like, also it's funny, like my dad says this, I lived in Dallas, Texas until I was
seven.
And so my dad talked about when he was raising me and my sister, my mom was there too, but
he tells the story.
And he's like, I really raised, tried to make sure that you had a lot of self-esteem because
I didn't want to raise like a little black girl in the South to not have a lot of self-esteem
because there were probably a lot of things that would crush that.
And so, and then his punchline is that like he went too far.
That's never been a real big problem for me.
Yeah.
My mom made it very, very clear that I could do anything I wanted.
And at 45, I sometimes like, now I'm entering an age where I'm like, I'm like, what if she
was lying?
Like, and then I'm like, well, too late, like everybody else bought it.
Which is probably the idea, right?
Like that.
I mean, it is like when we talk about, because I've always used the example when I'm on
panels and stuff of like, you know, being a guy that like wishes he could, you know,
on some regard, as far as doing the right thing with a job that is very like, not a
cakewalk, but an honor privilege, like a rare thing to come by this job, like my white guilt
and stuff and like always makes me, what am I supposed to do to like take my little piece
of the industry and like try to like make sure I left it a little better than I came
into it and the metaphor that I've constantly used is like the problem isn't that, you know,
we can talk about representation of the writers and all these things, but like we've the syndrome
ends the day that a black girl in sixth grade right now is watching TV and going like, oh,
I think I'll try writing that, which I just don't think it was in when I was your age,
probably I won't ask the, I think that I don't think that that was even a remote, it was like,
that's what we talked, I think that's what we're getting at when we talk about those
systemic like, yeah, problems that are that are now, we're not going to pretend that they're
ending, but that that that we'd noticed that the actual like profound changes are coming
in the form of show running, like, yeah, I mean, Shonda Rhimes was like, when I first
watched Grey's Anatomy, and then, because you know, since Seattle, it's really, we're
going to watch the show, and then when I saw a picture of her for the first time, because
like, you don't see to the showrunner, you know, unless it's, so the first time I saw
a picture of her, and I was like, oh my God, like this black, Shonda Rhimes could be like
an old Jewish guy, it's kind of like, Shonda, we're going for lunch and working on the rewrites,
like could have been, and then I saw the picture and I was like, I think that was like, that
was a very important thing for me, like, oh, she's doing this, and that that person exists
and is doing this.
It's a job.
It's a job you can do.
It's like, like, yeah, I just think, and I, it's not, I was just, you know, like I go
to the extreme place with like little black girl, like that image, but it's like little
kids in general.
Yeah.
But herein lies the problem.
Now, like, in terms of your biography to segue into that, because I always feel like
then, but we can't tell people to take a shot at this job.
It would, it's, there's part of that is extremely irresponsible.
It would be more responsible to tell somebody to try being a doctor, because there's like
definitive milestones, scholarships, tests, a million chances for you to, for you and
I as somebody who might say to somebody, you should be a writer, like, like for us to have
sent that person on a path to hell.
Yeah.
It seems like something, I don't know, like, I, one of the things I hate is when someone
like wins an award, like, and, you know, and they're up there and they're like, follow
your dreams.
You can do anything.
It's like, are you good at that thing though?
Because you shouldn't be telling people who are bad at something.
Like you, at a certain point, you know, I think you have an inkling of like, can I do
this?
Is this really like, is this possible?
Do I believe in myself, whatever?
And like, I don't think you should be like, I think that's an important thing to remember.
But also, we got to be honest, like even a lower middle class white guy like myself,
I think like there is a support system there.
I mean, I was borrowing money from my mom for, you know, well into my twenties.
And like, my mom was like, yeah, you, you look like a comedian.
You look like a writer.
You know, here's another three grand for, you know, what really turned out to be cocaine
and weed and like, but like, it was like, I can't fathom that that exists in, in the
neighborhoods that would, that it would be important for that to be because it's like,
but that's where my brain turns into a balloon animal because I'm like, you can't tell a
poor kid, like a dirt poor kid, um, yeah, you should go, you should try being a writer.
You can, your dreams, you can do anything.
It's like, no, we can't.
Yeah.
And like I, in a lot of ways, like my, when I was living in New York, um, I was working
in PR and I had, um, I was just like blogging all the time.
And so Jezebel had offered me an editorial fellowship.
So that was a job that was at the time it was part time minimum wage.
And it was something where like, if I had asked my parents for help, they would have,
if I was like, this is my dream, they would have, they would have helped me.
They would have supported me and I, and I knew that I had that as an option.
Um, but I also was just like, I don't want to ask them for help for something that I'm
not like, Oh, this is, this is like the dream.
Um, I like to save my big favors for, you know, when like I really need it.
And I was like, I don't know if I need this bad enough.
Um, I also want to lower my $3,000 number.
That was me adjusting for like Trump dollars.
Um, uh, you know, my, that was like $100.
I never got, I never got more than you can get out of an ATM from my mom.
No, but like, I definitely spent it all on Coke and weed.
Like, so it really wasn't privilege, like I didn't spend it on a typewriter, right?
Um, but yeah.
And also I want to put another asterisk on something I said, because if they're, it's
like, like, no, no, they can't, they can't, it's like, well, no, I mean, it's, it's not
as easy.
There's no equivalent.
And if you don't know anyone, like one of the, the most helpful things for me is when
I moved LA and I started meeting TV writers and I was like, Oh, these people are not that
impressive.
Surely I can figure this out if these dumb, dumb figured it out.
And like, I think that was really important to like realize that like, Oh, these are just
regular.
Most of them are regular people doing this, but like if you don't live in LA and you're
not around those people, I have no idea how you would figure that out.
Like it seems like this mythical unreachable thing.
Yeah.
It's difficult to figure out when the actual empire that is the geographically located Hollywood
will just bottom out because it seems by a logical assessment that it's a total non-necessity
anymore.
And we know that people are shooting things in Portland and Vancouver and all over and
that a city, a city going broke now a great way for them is to give tax incentives and
say, come shoot here and we will do it.
So you keep, I keep wondering like, why are we here?
What's going on?
But it, that's one thing that hasn't changed in 50 years is like, Oh yeah, you move to
LA and you get a drink in a bar and you are immediately gaining some kind of advantage
over someone who's in Minneapolis aspiring to, to write one day because you're just,
it's just erosion.
It's just, it's just like you're, you're going to run into somebody, you're going to
overhear jokes, you're going to, like you're just, you're just getting desensitized to
what is otherwise an impossibly mythical kingdom.
And you're right.
It's just a bunch of normal morons.
You know, like we're just, we're just piddling around out here.
Like we're plumbers that, that, that didn't have to qualify for anything.
We don't, we don't even have to, you, you, because you keep, there's no, there's no
bar.
You really have to.
Yeah.
Like you can't prove that the toilet is leaking in writing.
You can, you can say it, but we can also go, well, I think you have bad taste.
I don't think you really understand what a toilet is, sir.
Um, it, uh, but, but yeah, specifically like class wise, where would you place yourself
growing up?
Um, I mean, my dad, my dad worked at Microsoft.
That's why he grew up in Seattle, but we moved back.
So like, you know, I went to, I went to a private school, I went to a private university.
So like I, you know, I don't, I had a lot of friends, I had a lot of friends that were
like very wealthy.
And so I knew we weren't that, but I was like, we're fine.
So I didn't, you know, we weren't like, but life was nice for sure.
What do you think Schrabs thinking over there, how, how is growing up for you?
It is all right.
It was okay.
I lived in a small town and I drew a lot and I made like stop motion animated movies.
That's fun.
And, uh, Schrabs hometown, Mayville, Wisconsin, there's a billboard outside of it.
You know, like, like how towns have signs with logos and slogans and things.
And, uh, Mayville was, um, was, uh, the last stop where you could get like supplies if
you were going to go to a place called Horicon, which is like, um, um, duck hunting territory.
Okay.
And, uh, and so that was like a big thing for a town of that size.
So the, the sign outside of Rob's hometown says, welcome to Mayville gateway to the marsh.
Yeah.
Wow.
And one, I was not jealous of that.
I know.
And one, one, there was like a time where McDonald's, I come from like a 3000, 5000 population
town and they, we had a McDonald's in town and that was a big deal and McDonald's gave
us a sign that said with Ronald McDonald on it and it said, Mayville gateway to the marsh.
Oh, Ronald McDonald was on that sign.
On it.
I don't know if I ever could.
Like going, Hey, we own you now.
That's hilarious.
It's, it's like Adderall giving you a defibrillator, but they, but the, the town wasn't big enough
and they went, they closed down McDonald's and they took the sign away, they took the
sign away, took the sign away.
I guess they didn't want to get sued by somebody who was like, look, I'm, I have reverse diabetes.
I need, I needed a, a big Mac and you made me think I could get one here.
I was expecting a McDonald's.
I'm suing you for all your duck ammunition and then they turned, they, they turned the
McDonald's that they was bought and turned into a mom and pop burger shop.
It was called Bumpy Burgers.
That's maybe better.
Right.
Bumpy.
I don't know.
Mom and pop.
You know, that seems on, on brand for what this town sounds like to me.
Yeah.
It's grown, it's done for its season.
You do.
You're finishing the whole season.
Yeah.
We finished.
We got a.
Are we done?
Yeah.
I move around.
I stir.
Okay.
I'm a good host.
All right.
Um, we got a second season, 20 episode order.
So.
Oh, cool.
It's, it's happening.
What network is that?
It's on free form, which is what ABC family family.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
It's rebranding.
So it sounds like it's like one of these internet channels, but it's real TV.
It's real TV.
And it's TV.
We get to say shit.
Yeah.
We get to bleep out a fuck.
It's exciting to me.
I've, I've had several.
I got, I got projects going where the big, you know, like I'm not allowed to talk about
them yet.
Because then you get to do a thing.
But like there's, they're right.
I'm very excited about what, what do you mean you're not allowed to talk about it?
I mean, like what, what's the worst that's going to happen if you start talking about
it?
They will.
But they'll take it away.
It'll be fine.
I don't, I don't know.
I just know, like, if you don't like to try and see, I've, I've, I've, I've tried
to, I've done my 20 years of seeing what the worst could, that could happen is if I say
stuff.
And you're still here.
I know.
So like now.
What are you afraid of?
Kevin Smith just said to me when I was talking to him, he's like, cause he's going vegan
because he just had his heart attack.
And he's like, he's got friends that are like, well, it was now just cause you have a heart
attack.
You're a pussy.
He's like, I ate meat forever.
I'm now interested in vegetables.
He's not like, he's not like hit me with your best shot.
He's like, I now have polio.
I mean, I'm just like, no, it's an, I mean, I'm, I'm tired, man.
I'm Gandalf the, the, uh, beyond gray.
It looks like Spencer's wearing the table as shorts.
I am.
Um, anyone's wearing a table they're sitting at.
Anyways, I was just going to say that, that like tomorrow's, tomorrow's Emmys and certainly
tomorrow's shows that I want to watch are, they're being produced by like a really big
A list people.
Emmys are on tomorrow.
God damn it.
Yeah.
Tomorrow, like the royal tomorrow, non, non English majors, am I right?
Um, the royal tomorrow.
I just wanted to finish my little, my little, my little, I was talking about bumpy burgers
and you moved on.
What was so great about bumpy burgers?
What happened there?
We were talking about something, had something, she wasn't patronizing you.
You don't know that.
I, I was interested.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, you know, I have a weird form of burger.
I'll give you two more minutes on bumpy burgers.
No, I don't want to talk about it anymore.
Okay.
I was good.
I'm, you know, I like to move around, you know, organically.
Yeah.
You got a second to anyways, by the way, my little joke, now I have to call it a joke
and then I have to tell it.
And it's just like, this is a worst.
I was going to say this little cause I was going to say, well, no, I do, I do have to
meet.
I'm not stopping you.
Please do the LA story where she has to finish the shave and a haircut on the tuba.
Like, you know, but did she have to?
That's why I mean it needs, I laughed at it because I knew she had to.
I got it.
I knew she had to finish her shave and a haircut.
I, I don't remember this.
I'm not going to.
Okay.
I didn't want you to not finish it.
And you know what?
It wasn't a joke.
It was just a stupid turn of phrase.
I was just dumb.
I wasn't even, I was making it up as I went and it's just, but I don't like getting interrupted.
But it's like, well, then why do I have a show if I don't like getting interrupted?
What's going on?
You know what?
I would do it.
Are we on a pirate ship?
Why?
Where is it?
Why is everything creaking?
We are taking on water.
If I didn't want to get interrupted, you know what I'd do is just never talk.
Yeah.
Well, that's why it works for me, right?
Or it could be a man, that helps also.
Oh yeah.
Um, but what do you, what are your aspirations because I'm not, do you know, I mean, you
have to, you, you have to wait and see, are you, is your job a guarantee on season two
or do you just wait and like, you know, I, I'm pretty sure.
Yeah.
Oh, the glimmer in the eye was, you'll have to pay $5 a month to see that the true confidence
of a, of a staff writer that nailed it in season one.
Yeah.
I think you're looking at a story editor.
Um, uh, well that's cool.
But yeah.
And then, and then like, long mid, mid, midterm ambitions, like, like if, if grown-ish keeps
going for years and years and years, do you see yourself, uh, you know, gaining more levels
in that, or do you, are you chomping at, champing at the bit to, um, are you champing at the
bit?
I am champing.
She went to private schools, she knows it's champing, but champing sounds wrong cause everyone
says chomping.
Right.
They don't know.
It's just like Fort, instead of Forte.
Yes.
Exactly.
Like that.
Shit drives me nuts.
Yeah.
Drives me nuts too.
Why don't you go draw something, draw a cube in perspective?
Do you guys remember that game, draw something?
You played it on your phone?
Yeah.
With friends.
I was pretty addicted to that.
I was the best.
The only time I would ever lose is when it was asterix, which is like some fucking cartoon
character in Deutschland or something.
And it's just like, it's not a real word.
So how could you guess something that's a, a made up word?
You could never guess that.
Anyway.
You ever play that game?
I don't know what it, I don't know what it's called cause I've only, it's just like a,
it's not like a thing you buy at Toys R Us, but it's like a game where you, it's like
a party game where you, everyone writes a phrase and then you pass the stack of papers
and then you look at the phrase and then you draw.
Crossword.
The phrase.
STPs.
And then you pass that and it's like a telephone game that comes back around to you.
So you write Ghostbusters on the top sheet and then you hand it off and you get like
Pudding Pops or whatever and you, you try to draw Pudding Pops because that's what you're
reading.
You got it wrong.
And, and...
I didn't know if you're past Pudding Pops.
Anyways, it comes back around and you've got, you're like, well, I, I wrote Ghostbusters
and then this is how Amanda drew Ghostbusters and because that's what she drew, this is
what the next person wrote and then it's kind of, it's really fun.
Oh, I get it.
I have not played.
Are there other movies besides Ghostbusters that you can write down?
Yeah.
Pudding Pops.
I just...
I haven't seen that.
Ghostbusters was, we tried it.
Our friend KK was so drunk that we were like, it's because there's always one drunk person
in the game that like either ruins it or makes it like worth playing depending on how you
look at it.
But like my friend Dino just wrote Ghostbusters and he's like, it's a movie with a logo even
if you drop badly than the next person will.
And then it went through KK and it was like, it, it came out as like this, like there were
guys like pointing things at a giant peanut and it was crying and it's just such a great
game because then the next person is like a giant peanut and then you're like, you have
to, that's so fun.
We should make a phone version of it.
Or we should, we should, we should, we should have a society that effectively reproduces
the effects so that by the 21st century we're almost dead.
Let's talk about politics a little bit.
You're, you're, you're a millennial.
Are you hopeful or are you like stocking canned goods?
I, you know, actually, so one of the, one of the writers in our room, she was telling
us how she and her husband had just bought gas masks and was like, didn't see never
going to go buy a gas mask.
So I was like, okay, so I went to Amazon and they were like 80 bucks, which was like
a little more than I felt like, like if it had been like 45 or 50, what did like say
a friend of yours had an, an extra gas mask.
And you wanted to try it out.
Oh God.
Well, would you be like a cheapy peepy?
If you, you know what it made me realize that I didn't want to spend, if I wasn't willing
to spend $80 on a gas mask, I was like, I think if I need a gas mask, I'd like to be
dead.
I was like, I don't want to be here.
We have to run around and gas masks.
I hope I go out and the, I don't want, I don't want to have to have to come back.
You're going to breathe it in.
You're going to be like, I just want to breathe it and then I'll go.
My only thought about, that's how I feel about a nuclear strike, like I'm not going to get
in the car and head for Prim Nevada so that I can have half a face for 10 years.
I'm just, I'm going to like run to the impact point and like try to catch the missile in
my teeth because I want to like die in a flash.
But gas mask, I don't know.
I don't want, because the way you die by things that, that kill you by inhaling them
make you suffer.
I want to, I might buy a gas mask so I can make it to my gun.
I don't have a gun.
I don't know.
I was like, I don't have enough stuff.
I bought a gun when Trump got elected.
Did you?
I don't, I just feel like that is part of the problem.
It's part, no.
It's not part of the problem.
It is.
I've, I've, I've realized it all now, but I still got the gun.
What did you, what did you think you would need the gun for?
Like what, what made you, like, what did you think would happen now?
To shoot his dogs weirdly.
No.
Well, there's that.
I mean, there's always talking about shooting his dogs these days.
Really?
No, all the time.
Don't put a nickel in him.
Really?
Every day he's like, I got to shoot his dogs.
All the things you could shoot, you're going to shoot your two dogs.
Well, I don't, I don't want to derail this, but like at the end of the world, if I'm about
to kill myself, I don't want my dogs to, well, I guess they, I guess they could eat me.
I guess I could leave them to eat me and they'd have a couple days of ground chuck to have
fun with, but like, I was just thinking like, I'll just kill, you know, everybody that
loves me.
That needed context.
But, but no, it's not for suicide.
It's for, it was for the gun, the gun was definitely overall the most accurate description
of it, which is my new favorite phrase because it was just like, holy shit, what a wake up
of like, like white fragility.
It was like, I have never had this level of experience, unlike basically all women, all
people of color, all people of any identifiable demographic as vanilla man with, well, I thought
I was an underdog and I thought I was badass.
I thought I was punk rock.
I thought I was an anarchist as in let's bring the anarchy like, like, like, and then like,
I saw my girlfriend crying after an election and I was like, stop crying, you know, and
like, and then the tears didn't stop crying and, and, and, and, and then the, and then
the waitress came over and she had been crying and then the women were hugging and then,
and I was like, and then I'm like talking to the other guys and going like, but then,
but then I gotta shoot my dogs.
I gotta go right now and shoot my dogs.
Now we've come back to, I'm convinced of it again, like I'm back to like, yeah, it's
happening again, but, but in the days after the election, I was like, this is happening
fast and by this, I mean unidentifiable total destabilization, like how hard is it going
to be for a guy that can, um, uh, the first guy to go out of business in Las Vegas owning
a casino, um, like, like how hard is it going to be for this guy with an already unstable
global, uh, economy to, to just like provoke a polarity shift that just crumbles everything.
I didn't even think at the time of like, oh, you know, these races are going to start
clockwork orging and then everyone's going to like it mad and now what I'm scared of
is that the Mueller report is going to come out and it's like, we already know like he's
got, it's going to be, he's a criminal and now we have a constitutional crisis and then
it's going to be, I'm genuinely like, just a, just a fan theory, civil war is going to
happen because like, there's going to be street to street, like fighting people going like,
and so, but my, the reason I bought the gun is because I'm like, it's a power tool that
I don't have that like a flashlight is for an earthquake and, um, and a, and a, and a,
and a drill is for making a bird feeder and, and, and I don't have one of those things
that knocks the people down that saw your sparklets bottles.
Like, like I, that, that, that, that, if I didn't have a girlfriend, I don't know if
I, because I'd be like, well, what am I, uh, uh, tech savory?
I'm going to like, like, like enjoy protecting my empty gun with its last 11 bullets.
I, I, you're going to draw a droopy dog.
I, I, I, I, it's, it's a home invasion, uh, white fragility, like fear of impotence,
like, like, like, like the worst death in the world would be not being able to protect
my loved ones.
Yeah.
Like that's, and then it's like, there's this product and it's like, I'm exactly the
part of the problem.
That's why everyone has a gun.
Yeah.
I mean, I, I've, I remember right after the election and I was talking to my dad, like
I was sobbing and I was talking to my dad, or I think it was a couple of days later,
was probably still sobbing.
And I asked how my grandmother was my 85 year old grandmother and he was like, she seems
fine.
And I was like, oh yeah, like she used to look like they used to just like black people
walk down the street and then you just never saw them again.
And so part of it was like when I, she, when I talked to her and she was like, yeah, no,
I hate him.
This is terrible.
Also, she's like old.
So at that point you're like, I don't know, whatever.
She's like ice on a porch could be my Donald Trump.
But I did think about that.
I was like, you know, it's, it's been worse.
So like there's that.
But I've also had to like, I don't know, like I've had to really narrow the shit that I
can like really, really care about because I feel like all this other stuff takes so
much energy just to like absorb it and want it and like I don't want to ignore it.
And so I've had to be like, there's like five things I can care about in a real way.
And then I have to like pay attention to all this other shit because it feels necessary
to pay attention because there's so much.
And even now I'm like, I don't even, there's shit that I don't like names that I see and
I don't really, I know that it's like a bad thing or there's a, you know, scandal, but
I don't really know what it is.
So as a millennial, I feel, I weirdly actually feel, I feel okay.
But going into the midterms, I feel very like just just okay, though, like not on either
side of it, just like really solidly okay.
And I think it's just because like I have to feel okay, otherwise, like it's just because
the alternative is going like, because I went through that phase where I was like, these
guys are all acting like there aren't going to be free and fair elections in 2018.
They still kind of are.
But now it's, I mean, and I'm not, I'm not arguing.
I'm not saying that I'm still willing to believe in the worst nightmare, but now there's this
other theory because the behaviors become so incredibly like clownish that I'm like,
oh, maybe they are just, they just thought they just, they're just dumb.
Like I know they're, they were always dumb, but like not dumb and knew something that
I didn't like, maybe they're just idiots.
I think most of the people who knew stuff seem like they're kind of gone.
Like it feels like mostly idiots left.
Yeah.
And it's like the people that knew stuff were like, oh, this shit we knew, the jig is up.
We can't leave a paper trail like, and he's just like, you're fired.
You're fired.
And it's like, those are all the people that were like either a, just want to say, I don't,
I think this might be illegal later and or the people that were like, we should do this
illegal thing.
Like both categories of people, that's a really interesting way of looking at it.
Like he's like, he's just, but is that like, it's just this absurd thing about like, he's
just like the, you're fired guy and now he's just, you're firing is like, could you become
Caesar that way?
Could you just fire every Roman senator and then fire the executive branch and fire the,
oh wait, no, that's me.
Okay.
I'll hire, I'll promote the executive branch.
I'm going to fire this, the fire, the constitution, like, is he just going to fire that?
I'm sure he, I bet you he thinks he can like fire a Supreme Court judge.
Nothing is the only thing he's ever done that my dad would call running a business.
Like my dad, who's like an actual businessman, like, like, I think, I bet that's the only
thing he's ever done that was like, I bet he's never filed taxes or like, cash to check
or like, put, balance the ledger or, or like looked at a pie chart, like, but he's just,
he's just fired people.
He's just, he thinks it's just like, anyways, I think if, I think if we can, I think if
after the midterms, I don't feel like, I feel like talk to me again after that.
Yeah.
Because if, if I still feel this shitty, like next January, that it's like, and assuming
maybe we flipped things, then it's like, oh, we're super fucked.
So, yeah.
But you'll have made a lot of pasta by them.
I've made a lot of pasta by them.
I will.
That's gotta be, you think that's a thing that's like a phenomenon in America is like,
people have these Trump hobbies, they're like, if it's going to be four years, I might as
well take up bonsai tree farming or like something.
No, I think, and people gained a lot of weight apparently after the election.
They were just like, I stayed home for weeks.
Yeah.
I put on a lot of weight.
And then in 2018, and I was like, I'm going to start working out and also buying again.
I think, I think absolutely, like everybody like, we're all going to, there's going to
be like some equivalent of the baby boom, but instead of just being a population explosion,
it's going to be like a weird hobby explosion.
Like, like, how come there's so many more stamp collectors that are aged 40 in 2030?
Well, because it traces back to this panic people had that they were missing out on the
smaller things in life.
All these CrossFit gyms, like every day I've seen in one of those.
That's probably the response.
Yeah.
I mean, there seems, I don't know, the people I know that go to gyms say that the drop off
that happens at the beginning of the year hasn't really happened so far, which is interesting.
I don't know.
Do you want to meet my black friend that has your last name?
Oh yeah.
I might know him.
Did you, did you meet him before the show?
No, I just, you know, we, you guys all know each other because you know, it's funny.
You know, it's shitty.
Okay.
I'm going to say this because like we don't all black people don't, but it's hard because
like in Hollywood, I'm learning like I have met.
I'm going to say probably 60% well in Hollywood, and I haven't even been doing it that long.
I mean, just because there's not that many.
And so it's one of those things where I'm like, yeah, I do know that person and I don't want
to tell you that because you're asking me for that.
I have that conversation constantly now because I'm not all, it's, it's almost like a social
customer.
I'm not allowed to, I have to, I go like, oh, Asian person, do you know Randall Park?
And they're like, of course I know Randall Park.
I figured you did, but I'm not allowed to.
Right.
All right.
Well, let's bring up DeMorge Brown.
No relation to the M.O.R.G.E.
DeMorge Brown, sitting down to the M.O.R.G.E., sitting, that was me, DeMorge, that was great.
The blood is in the water.
Keep your freestyles short, like little, little punctuations and you'll, you'll like, you'll
get through them.
What's going on?
I'm all right.
What the?
Yeah.
What else was Mayville like?
Anything new?
Uh, not a single, just working, working, working, working, working.
We don't know each other, by the way.
Okay.
We don't know each other.
Do you?
But now we do, so.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
Do you want to, do you want to share any of your work?
Uh, my stuff, personally, I'm just still writing really weird sort of shorts.
Um, it's a weird thing where it's like Fela Kuti at a, uh, children's show, and it's
a cold open of the cold, uh, of the show, so it's a puppet in Fela Kuti.
So that's a thing.
Something you're writing on spec?
Uh, no, no.
It's just my thing.
It's just part of my sort of ongoing, ongoing sort of realm of shorts that are ideas I want
to see executed that nobody ever.
Do you write every day?
Do you get up at like a certain, uh, and get right to it or?
Uh, it's, every day is different for me, so like, uh, but at some point every day I sit
down and, uh, write in some form.
I mean, yeah, absolutely.
Me too.
Every day.
Stephen King.
I, that's what they call me.
You know that motherfucker writes every day.
I read on writing, that's why I know.
Somebody told me something.
I think it was, I think it was my partner in my other podcast, uh, uh, uh, Jessica Gow.
She quoted something from that book that I thought was really profound and that I immediately
forgot, but it sounds like that's, that's the first time I've heard somebody like,
uh, like, yeah, Stephen King's on writing sounds like an inspirational book.
operational, you know, he almost died. I didn't know that. Yeah.
It's crazy. I
I had a girlfriend in Milwaukee who
Bragged to me that she went out to his place one time and stole one of his gargoyles
And I thought to this day like when I see him on Twitter after I feel like should I tell him?
Because it's like the world changed like back in Milwaukee in the 90s
It was like ha Stephen King
It's a guy's names on a book on your bookshelf and you stole his gargoyle and that is like the world just like Tesseracted
And and now he's just there if I mentioned him he might go I like Rick and Morty. I'm like my girlfriend still your gargoyle
You should tell him you gotta tell I don't know it's it's not my piece to make though it is I didn't do anything
What if you're telling him right now ladies and gentlemen? I
Love Rick and Morty
Do you read a lot of fiction? Do you I do I've I have gone back to reading a lot of fiction because I find that
writing is much easier for me when I'm reading something like I
Even like a couple months ago
I was just having a hard time like getting words down and I realized I hadn't read a book in like a month or something like that
So I have and I'm not working technically so I got a lot of time
I used to read mostly nonfiction though, but I'm back to fiction. So I
I don't read anything. Yeah, I can't even read if I I can't it's like it's that Twitter thing
I can't read anything longer than a bumper sticker anymore like my brain. Oh my god
That's bumpy burger executives are
Happened we'll find out what's going on. What happened? We're gonna conduct the thorough internal review. Did anybody see what happened? I
think it was
Yeah
Hmm fucking gel clips
Well, the heavier things are mounted very securely. Okay, um
To mortgage are you or how are you emotionally and spiritually and I'm good. I'm good
Exhausted but put a lot of pressure on myself this year to kind of like crack something open and make something happen in this town, but I
Can I help it anyway? I
I suppose I mean, it's your choice. Well, I don't know like yeah, I don't I don't know the answer either
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I just I mean all you can do is be who you are and do what you're doing
What else you're supposed to do, you know, yeah, that's that was either the royal you like like everybody can either condense it
Or that was that you do you Harmon?
I don't have
I don't know. I don't know if you saw the headlines but Rick and Morty's and limbo
Um, I didn't see the headlines. What do they say in limbo? It's not in limbo. It's there where is a negotiator?
Negotiating a contract and I so I still negotiating
I said to the five thousandth kid that tweeted me. Hey, you fat lazy alcoholics stop
Being so slow writing the scripts like because they're 15 and they I understand that they don't know how TV works
I just don't understand why they're so horrible. Why are they so mean?
Why are they so there's not you can't when when community fans would go? I'm upset right now because
Annie kissed Jeff instead of bread. I would go
First of all, you're you're crazy because you're upset with me and their fictional characters
But second of all, that's how I feel about TV to thank you for the biggest compliment in the world
Which is total immersion in my narrative and I get it. I understand the the compliment on this. I get it
These kids that are like like
I ain't a cupcake today and they're like
Why don't you fucking stop eating cupcakes and write the fucking show you piece of shit and it's like what?
We skipped the part where you like it even like it's crazy. Clearly you do or is there a
world
Where?
That would work
Like a kid would go will you stop eating cupcakes and you'd write the script and you read
No, it's just so even though it hasn't been ordered by the network
Which is why now the trades because now I yelled at a 15 year old like it hasn't been ordered
And then so now it's like I just I can see on this
the absolute vodka sponsored sidebars of like the websites where I've tried to trying to like
Procrast and it's like I just I see like my name and I see Rick and Morty thumbnails. I'm like, ah, you did it again
and but but like
Yeah, is there a universe where a kid saying that would make me write a season of Rick and Morty by myself
Without getting together with Justin. Oh Justin. Okay, Justin. I'm gonna. I'm just you know what this is taking so long
I'm gonna just start writing the show because you're gonna have to write it. Anyway, right exactly
And eventually we'll still have a head start fade in Rick's like I love inventing stuff
And I was like like like yeah, no, I don't I don't see
If there was a world where that was going to happen
I think maybe the kid would be saying something along the lines of I have Lou Gehrig's disease
And I'd love to see a script of Rick and Morty before I die and obviously that's not good
I'm not gonna get to see the show
Maybe not hey you piece of shit
Your fat this is why your wife left you like like they dig into my personal life
Yeah, and I'm like like you don't know how TV works and you don't know what this is good
You're 15
So you're supposed to be dumb, but you're not supposed to have this hubris. This is dangerous
I guess this is what all old people have said about young people forever internet people are scary though
We used to get crazy emails at Jezebel like every day. It was like well Jezebel terrified me like it's yeah
I mean like I can't imagine the
People are very bold. That's cuz you know, you got to like offer to meet them
Spencer's Spencer's way of putting it which I thought was very accurate because it kind of like it's like the internet has stripped
Shame from the species and that has resulted in amazing things like
a foot that and evil things like it has you you can now I did focus and comfort groups for like people with leprosy and
Stuff like very serious things like you know that people have had to live in isolation from and had terrible stigma
How could you successfully have raised your consciousness without the internet when the very thing about it that that is used to oppress is that is
That there's not strengthened numbers
There's not like you know, you're not gonna have a million transgender march and probably people will yell at me for that
But but but I just I mean that in a in a way of saying like like we shouldn't have to wait for that and like like it's like
It's that's how amazing the internet is is that we can go. Oh, there's there's it doesn't matter
It doesn't it doesn't have to be mob rule or anything, but it's like and then the fucking exact same thing happened with
Nazis, they're just like, oh, yeah, yeah, no shame like like
No, no, yeah, like totally like I shame it. There's also like an like an invitation to
to this myth that like that your
Your every thought is an opinion and every opinion
Matters and should be because there's always a cursor. It just it became free
it went from being this expensive technology that Gutenberg developed on the side of cocoon and
And my references are getting so older than the first Gutenberg
Like like yeah, it was it was like lasers to have to print a newspaper or leave a comment on something and then it became like
Anything to say in this Farmville move. Yeah
People well, there you go. It's now it's in Farmville font
Remember back in the comic book days where people would snail mail the shit that you get comments on now
Like we would get in Milwaukee. Somebody went. Hmm. I'm gonna write
I was wondering why I would take pen to paper under such circumstances
However, it's me to make a bit of an introduction. First of all a few words about myself
I am a what they call a militant virgin. I am proud to say your comic book has given me very much guidance through this
However, I object to the principles at hand. No second of all in regards to issue three
Yeah, and they would just it would have us you'd have to put a stamp on it walk to the mill
That person had to have to need to put cardio into their fucking parasitism
There's an entitlement thing too because I find that if like if I tweet something and then someone responds back with some bullshit
And I'm like, I wasn't asking you a fucking question and they're like wasn't want to tweet it
I'm like just because I tweet something is not an invitation for your dumbass opinions
And they think that just putting anything out there is like now I get to respond to it
And it's you like I have the right to and you have to respond to me and if you didn't want people to like
Comment you about it. You shouldn't have said it and it's like nobody's talking to you. Yeah, it's not a conversation
I'm not having conversation with any of you people
Yeah
I mean like every once in a while and this is a fun way to use Twitter every once in a while I'll go like hey
I need shorts, you know like anybody got any or I found a drone in my yard
Does anyone know who's it is and like the internet snaps as it's like, yeah
There's very specific points when as a primate you could recognize when someone wants information from you and it if we keep
Defining it as when a cursor is blinking underneath what they're saying. We're going to die
Right well, that's the problem is because that our behavior in is shaped by
Technology and the options it kind of conveys because it's like we can obviously do a million things
But internet's and websites they present a number of options and so they limit it and so you're not thinking oh
Commenting is not something I have to worry about but then it gives you an option
It's like would you like to comment?
This is something you should consider doing and it's like well
No, you should have considered commenting every time you see a box that says comment that would be absurd
Well, I don't know if they ever
Like like I noticed that the people they're writing for online publications and stuff they
They started having to put in there like TV reviews and stuff like like they they they have to end their paragraph with like
Did you think?
Yeah
No, don't don't tell them they need to be ashamed. Yeah, I did not I did not like the comments. I know I I
Like the just any benefit
I mean it was nice when people like stuff and sometimes people gave you corrections and sometimes it was helpful
but like it the negative far outweighed any of the positive and like it was always this thing of like
professionalism like if we if they would like people would comment stuff on on articles and they'd be just smart asses and
Then we would respond back like smart asses because you're right came in being a dick and like I can be a dick, too
And then they're like well, this is really unprofessional
Right, it's like you just call like you just call me stupid also
I don't work for or with you and this is not a service
So there's no professionalism
I had you and I because we're like I it's me and my co-workers and I'm not providing a service to you
We're just putting the shit out there and you're choosing to read it and like I just if we could have every day
I would ask our editor like it became a joke or as like can we can we get rid of the comments today?
No, if we get rid of the comment section, then we're competing with websites that have comment sections and there's a certain I don't know
Who the fuck these people are but there's there a sizable percentage of the audience that like
They like to comment
Yeah, so if Jezebel removes their comment section and Hezebel doesn't Hezebel
I guess gets that 10% 20% of readers and it's so we're terrified, but then and I just
Man, I mean this is how like
Journalism seeing the internet and going what do we do is is is is the whole reason why we're in everything now because instead of going
we need to double down on
Journalistic standards and like basically elitism because I'm sure we sound like elitist right now to somebody who's like I leave a lot of comments
What makes you so better aren't you?
Doesn't isn't Kara's job to comment on society and then I leave a comment under her comment on culture and like now
I'm an asshole because I'm just a plebe. Well, I
Guess part of me wants to just go. Yeah, let's end that argument
You are a plebe like you're you're you're fucking thought process is horrible like you didn't you didn't want to spend any more than the three
Hours it took you to write these two paragraphs about like how she's technically being unfair
It's like you're you're not you don't you don't really hurt as much for this as as as the person you're commenting on does so
Yeah, elitism, I guess
But like they're doing work
You commenting isn't like it. It wasn't it's not like it just came to mind. It's like I wrote something
I spent time on it someone else read it. It was checked like I was doing I was doing something
Yeah, but even but you and I agree that even on Twitter where we're not doing work if I'm just like hey
I don't like I don't like banana splits
Here's the here's the here's the replies I enjoyed
a
Smart fun person saying like banana splits are the are the blank of blank like like maybe it's a swing and a miss
But it's like they tried and it's like they're they're yes, ending. They're go there. You know, they're not here's the ones I don't like
Uh
They're they're technically not banana splits. That's a fallacy or whatever the file
I'm gonna split at the other place or like or like just repeating the joke like like I can't give an example of that because bananas
I don't like banana splits isn't a joke
But but like they were they just like repeat it and it's like it makes you wonder if like they knew
Like so, what do you think I am? Do you think I'm just a guy just like making noise?
It's a year and now you're making it just it did I just I and I put a flow chart
I pinned it to my Twitter profile. I
Graffted out where you can walk through it if you read a tweet
You can walk through the flow chart when deciding whether or not you should reply and it's it's pretty it's pretty well thought out
If I give if I do say so myself, how long did it take you to make the flow chart?
I'm not gonna comment on that until I turn the script in
The but it's like and then I posted it. I was like, there we go
So, you know, that's good then then like I don't have to get mad at people anymore because I can even if anything
I can just reprint the flow chart
everybody looked at the flow chart and because I they like
80% of the people were like
ha oh
How do you know when you finish or?
Like they were like they thought it was a board game or
They thought it was like a flow chart of whether or not I will respond to their tweet
This is this is so there used to be in my opinion
There used to be a gear of hesitation in that so shame see something
Yeah, shame or what I like I don't but there's a fear of being expelled from the fig tree of monkeys because you suck
fear of that
Reflex and the opinion are not the same thing
so you have a reflexive action or response to something and
Your first was you're there used to be a check that sort of said alright. Let me just be ashamed
For just a second away. Let this have let this opinion form
Let me think about what and then if it if it became something that you had solidified
You could you would post that if it was if there was enough base
But now overcome the shame acid you had a milkshake. Yeah, that's sort of gag reflex is gone
And now people just kind of go out like that right away
Yeah, here's something that I is in my head and and it's like I and and and and you could never again
You can't say to the person like well, you don't even know how to spell and you're like yelling at me
That's the long gone. We're in the middle of an anti-intellectual revolution. The president is like I
Spells cats dogs people don't read anything also is something I've learned because I would get
Comments and it's like they're commenting on something. I'm like it is literally in the thing
I just wrote right you made it halfway through and then you got pissy
And then you went in and left a comment
And if you would just finished reading the fucking article the exact thing question that you have was answered
And I mean even with Twitter, I feel like people like I'll get responses. I'm like, are you understanding what I just said
I don't think you're understanding this or you're not reading this clearly
People and that irony is that underneath it all people just want to be heard and connect but they can't then turn that into empathy and go
Oh, I guess that's how everyone feels so maybe don't like go into this YouTube video of someone's daughter doing ballet and go
She looks a little fat like like like like because the reason you're saying that is that's your pirouette
Like that's you wanting praise on a YouTube video from your dad that doesn't exist and it's like it's insane that you can't
It like we're anyways, well, let's do this to save save save save you guys from my maelstrom
What's what's good about the modern world? What's what do we like about it?
Used to be worse in some ways
Yeah, you see those those beer bottles that the mountain turns blue if it's cold
Holy shit
That's the perfect temperature to drink beer what is really my therapist always makes me do this like what's good
What's good? What is good? Even if it's just in your personal life like oh, well, you're you're easy
You're on a fucking streak. That's good. You don't even give a shit about us
You just think you're like I wonder if I get a parking space next
No, I mean, it's I think I have to remember that at least
For a black person. It's better to be alive anytime in the future than in the past, right?
I'm most likely so it's better now than to 20 years ago. So I guess there's that
Yeah, like it it's yeah, yeah, it's hard not to be positive about it because
You can't be nostalgic about it. No, still not great. Yeah. No, but I it's like I would rather be alive
Now then 60 years ago
but I think it went along those lines one of the things is that the representations of
What we see are more specific now because you can't
Hide behind this idea that oh people only want to see this type of family on TV or that kind of thing
So you're talking about the huckstables and that was for me
That was like one of the first times that I saw situations
That were reflective of my own life and people would come up and say well
It's not it's not a real family or it's not of this or it's not of that but I know plenty of families through my parents and through my
You know other just circles where black lawyer black doctor black, whatever black black reels or black, whatever
Who had friends and had the best parts for me of the cost which was would be at the end when the guest star would have been a
A a musician of amazing note, but that I didn't know
I didn't know who Betty Carter was until that episode where she came in it
They give her ten minutes at the end of the show to sing a song as part of the narrative that kind of stuff
And so for me as a kid I go I don't know who that is but that song is amazing
Wait for the credits to roll write the name down go to the library right after that
Realize who this woman is and and how amazing she was and that show just had constantly had that kind of stuff
And then so I think that now what's happening is
So much stuff is happening so much
faster and you have kids whose vision of the world is is
Several increments faster than the people who are trying to create entertainment for them because of it now people are trying to match up with
these kids in the way that they see the world and
The internet is one way that you see that I mean you have to kind of if we can last
Another 30 years we have we are living through a tipping point where the syndrome
That we've been grappling with will will have been overcome
Right like we can all agree on that it's just but now it's a question ironically if we if we are here in 30 years
If we could have what we have today plus
now now that we got
Now that we got a Shonda and then therefore are gonna have the 10 Shonda imitators and the
500 like Shonda
Inspire ease and and the and the blah blah blah like not just confining it to that topic
But keeping it on theme for this episode, but like like it that plus 20 years equals boom
I think we're done and
But but the it's is that why so we're it's like we're having a fever because we're like we're like it's getting too close to that
It's I like like I don't I don't like all this talk about
Like I don't I keep hearing that I'm white and I just don't like it and it's like making me uncomfortable
Like I'd never heard that before it's like what do you mean? I'm bad. I don't know what that means like I've
Haven't been called white outside of like a Richard Pryor album in like
And and like so like we're then it's America is just like it's having this seismic fucking conniption fit
Precisely because things because we're in the bubble right now because things are almost there
You we're in a place now where you can't
It's a lot harder to walk around and go like I don't know what that is or I don't know what that term is
So everything is changing so fast and they just throw in these words
Well, you now have to learn the vocabulary people are learning that there is a place for themselves and in this world
And they're choosing their own definitions and then they're forcing you to learn the label because what I'm excited about which I don't think other white
People understand about as far as changing times under our feet is that if you if it feels like a conveyor belt is making you go like this
Like yeah, your first instinct is something's going wrong. Stop it from happening
But much like with mp3 technology or anything else that is just gonna happen
This second thing that happens is you now have an unprecedented license to be even more relaxed than you've ever been
Like you can now like pretty soon if this nightmare that you're worried about where white people are somehow
Just other people like like like or and that they're always wrong or there was like you can now be you could just go like
Yeah, I don't know like like which is like a fun. I like like I don't know what I'm doing
I don't know. Is that what you call that?
form of of of of
Social custom I certainly wasn't trying to offend anybody. I don't know what the fuck is going on. I'm just white, right?
I'm fucking idiot like isn't that a luxury? Isn't that fun? Like that's like being in a cruise ship. Excuse me
Where's the bathroom? I just took a shit over the rail. I don't know you tell me I'm just here
I'm just old and dying on a boat. I guess I don't know why I'm like looking at you guys like right, right?
It's like I have the wrong panel for this. I just have like business as usual
I think you know what I do think though. I think I think white people just also maybe need to relax a little bit
Like it'll be fine. Do we get to now? It'll be fine. It's like not invited to the conversation
I don't have to care about Black Panther. Isn't that isn't that fun? Yeah, it's fine
You don't have to you can't you can't you can't make or break a Marvel movie with your Rotten Tomatoes review
Isn't isn't that nice? You can take the day off. You don't have to just care
as I guess I'm flaunting my
my my advantage of
Listening to Jessica gow for for however many episodes have been doing that show because I guess it's like that
That had to really be drilled into me because I was like like we're talking about the Confederate thing and I was like
I'm still like what about ink and like like yeah, but we haven't seen the show or it's like isn't this a slippery slope?
I don't get it and and and but and then at some point I like like I had like this kind of fit of like since we were like
This disconnect and I was like, yeah, but Jessica
I feel like I feel like I'm Optimus Prime and all the Autobots are coming to me and saying like you're
Optimus Prime and you're in charge, but we hate you for being in charge and we
We what we want you to stop doing things, but we want you to start doing things different all this stuff
And she's like no one said you were Optimus Prime
It turned into this like really weird like moment where I was like wait, so I don't have to have an opinion about
Confederate yeah, and she's like no
Your opinion about it. I'm like but and I'm thinking in my head, but but yeah, I'm like
Yeah, good. I don't want to have one. It sounds like a really sticky situation
Look at my twinkie and eat it like like what a fucking amazing. I just gained five hours of my work week
I don't I don't have to sound off about fucking Confederate and whether it like and I can't you apply that to everything?
America can't you like can't you stop fucking commenting on everything?
Okay, you're not you don't need your feedback is not going to make a difference. It's not going to get you a job
It's not going to keep anything bad from happening
You are dumb and you're gonna stay dumb and if you're poor
You should you should do something that makes money and commenting isn't one of them
and if you're rich, then you're gonna you're you're losing money commenting and you're if I mentioned you're stupid and
and and no one cares and
Check out the flow chart. Yeah. Yeah, just go look at my flow chart. Let's look at the flow chart
All right get caught in a loop
Did we did we fill our?
Didn't you promise him two minutes of bumpies? Oh, yeah
Well, yes, he yes, he did promise that I gave it to him like my iPad and he didn't
How are the fries at bumpies? I like french fries. No, but were they what kind of fries were they?
They were French like the thin ones. They were thin. They were thin wait, you know, it's been a long time. Okay, so I
Bet you they were thin fries. Hmm. I like the French fries
I'm up. I love french fries. Do you like bumpy burger more than McDonald's?
Yeah, because I drew a logo for it and
I want a competition. Hmm. Oh
How come they didn't put it on a billboard outside of town they they didn't put it on a billboard, but they put it on their menu
Oh, that's pretty cool. That is cool. Yeah, that was worth it. Wasn't it? Yeah, and we still got a minute left
Did we really talk for two hours? No, I just mean to have covered two minutes of bumpy burgers
Oh, I
Mean no one said the podcast has to be two hours. Also. What's I know?
No, no one ever is as ever said that and most people are like stop making the podcast two hours
Really? You read that stuff. Yeah, I'm at work
I'm already at work and I want to press I got a press pause. Yeah
Yeah, and that's when we played Dungeons and Dragons and so we're not gonna play it this way
And people are always like that's the worst part of the show Spencer hates himself
I don't know why he keeps showing up. It seems like he wants to kill himself. It seems like every time I see Spencer
He's gonna kill himself. I don't know why Spencer hates himself so much and everything he does
So maybe that also happens because the show goes on so long
Must be nice to be able to read about yourself on the internet without killing yourself. Oh, it's great
I'm I I've yeah, it's great. I
I definitely want typing Dan Harmon into Google and seeing what the autofill says
I know you have
I mean the last time I did was like eight years ago and it was definitely like Dan
I was like Chevy Chase Dan Armand Chevy Chase all this stuff
Chevy's pissed at me. Oh
A lot of people yeah, but he was we were friends and I considered that an accomplishment because I was an asshole to him by
Doing that voicemail thing and I felt like I was mature and then
That article came out with that was about the feature on Donald
Like I had a quote in there that and I was like it was like right on the heels of me like
I really nice conversation with Chevy and he was like he won't he hasn't talked to me since
What what well, I don't I mean what did you do now? What did you do?
What do you do now?
He said what would the article said that like Chevy recognized Donald's talent and stuff like that, right? And I never and it said
I mean they honestly like all due respect to the writer who wrote a really incredible piece on Donald
So I know he must be a good guy
But like I did have two conversations with him on the phone where I was like very adamant about how I did not want to
Dog pile Chevy and was really worried about this quote and he it really was kind of assembled out of like weird like I
I would never ever use the word jealous in reference to an actor because I know that that would it's it's
It's I just know that that's like the J word like you don't say yeah
So-and-so was jealous of so-and-so like especially about actors
And I and I just like it's just like whatever
Just thought I had my second I'm a bad interviewer drink and now I'm now I'm in therapy
Does this mean I'm not gonna get my script on oh?
Damn, then I get to be miserable for another week
Thanks, Levy. Yeah, Steve's traditionally right in these scenarios. Are you in love Kara Kara? Not with me the Netflix series
No, no relationship. Is that is that is that bad form?
What's going on with you sexually?
Well, you said it normal. Yeah, and then I and then you made it weird
Well, I got as close as I could I said emotionally for tomorrow's is like what's going on to Marge
No, I don't know if you have you L.A.'s weird
Always weird. That's where you're gonna meet like the coolest person in the world. Yeah. Yeah, I would rather I would rather have
a
Good script than a boyfriend right now. I
think that's what
Because one could do a lot for me
I heard one light clapping from the back of the warehouse. I think your publicist is here
Yes work all
Yeah, well, that's your you're you're probably
19 I'm not gonna ask you don't don't don't rush it
Are you gonna ask?
No, no, oh if you want to know how old Cara Brown is
Go research her and in the process read some of her amazing little thought pieces on
On our website, which is really easy to remember K. A. R. A
Brown calm
But she doesn't even need you to go there anymore because she's departed from that world
She doesn't she thinks that the internet is a bunch of
Shit heads like I do Schrab you got anything to plug you want to borrow you're gonna be borrowing iPads anywhere in the neighborhood
I hate you
Are you enjoying the iPad can you at least give us an update? I haven't I haven't used it since I brought it
Are you fucking kidding me?
What
No, I you haven't used it. I kind of used it and then I don't know I
I I don't know how many times we have to discuss this what this is insane
Why is it insane? I got I gave I let him
Borrow an iPad Pro because he wanted to see how it worked
Yeah, and then he came in the podcast and told a story about how me doing that made him feel bad and then I
Felt bad about using it. Oh, and so you're just keeping it on a shelf
To make things better
No
Do you have to give it back? Does he have to give it back? He needs it so badly because he he needs two of them
He needs it so badly
He's it's so badly. Did you take it to even the score are you Robin Hood? No, no, I
it's I
Look at all things creative right now is just like a wait. It's um, you know, we've talked about this
Yeah, I
Was hoping that it would inspire me and it didn't yeah, so we'll give it back
I told you last week. I'd give it back. That's how most iPad purchasers feel
I think they get the they get the pencil that's really a hundred dollar pencil. Well, it's worth it because
Finally the reason I wanted you know, but I just I don't have anything that makes me want to draw right now
I mean unless you have something like that, you should redraw those drawings that you're posting from when you're a kid
Remember those are really cool. You know those are better than anything anyone's ever drawn
Thanks, yeah
I think I'm of the opinion that you should just take it easy and let yourself I have been I have been
I'm sorry, do you deal with you're too young? You've never done I'm not gonna ask but you've never dealt with
like oh god Rob your your your your
Do you have do you have germination phases where you're like? I'm done. I'm out of ideas or something. Yeah, I just I can't work
I'm desiccated them. I will say one of the things the internet a good thing about the internet was that we were writing
I was writing every yeah a lot of foreign into a deadline. Yeah, one of the deadline in your hand
Yeah, so I do like it. I think of it very much as like oh, this is my job
My job is writing and so I have to do my job and so yeah use
Use all right. Well, I wish I have anything to plug don't high road me. I wasn't
Demorige, I know you have anything to plug
I
Don't a live show at the Lyric Hyperion with Anna Sergeina and wit Thomas and they've sort of
Come up with these personas who are poets and they're gonna do it straight as I was a almost like a straight poetry reading or something
And then they came to me and said we want you to be the person who curates the event
We're not gonna tell you what to do you just do whatever so I'm this character that I've sort of been creating over the last couple months
Named Ephraim Elizabeth King is sort of like a composite of any writing and structure. I had and in college
That's we've never had you do a character on this show like your character work is amazing. Oh, thanks, man
Well, I didn't you know, what's the space and shadow very Sanders? Oh, yeah
I mean you yeah, like yeah, it's like you immerse yourself into the silliest shit and then make this it's like it's the best
That's the best part about it. Yeah, just sort of finding connections to things and then connecting the gaps and just sort of disappearing and you know
Coming out the other end
It's like the fail-a-cootie thing is just
Because I was hanging out with Kyle and he said I want to open the next episode of Gumbel with this song and it
Was just fail-a talking and the music of his voice
I was like, that's pretty close to mine. I bet you I could do that and then he counts off the song and he just goes one two three five
And I was like, that's that's a five-second impression. That's perfect
If you just did that and walked away
so that whole premise of that thing is like what how little can I do but then also physically I'm gonna cut a
crazy widow's peak in my hair and
And for one day just have this weird fail-a-cootie haircut, you know
Just to set up a joke is kind of like that
But we can't order it up like a fry cook we can't go to more than you should do a crazy character for Harmontown
You should come on next time. We won't we won't introduce you
You'll just or we'll introduce you as a man is just an alternate thing like you you'll just come up as some like
Character and do something and walk off. Yeah, just don't introduce me as to more to introduce me as the character hell
Yeah, are you gonna do it? So you're gonna go in the kitchen and cook something up and let us know when you want to do that
And then I'll just yeah, yeah, let's do that. Okay, great. Wow. This has been a productive
I mean I do that all the time this would do with characters like one-on-one even what I'll do is like if I if the character's ready in a way
Then I'll just kind of in the week of the best thing is to go to food courts and malls as the character and just kind of hang out
And just do Monday and shit like order food and kind of be
Not so much to see how people react but see how it feels to be reacted to
By real people because then suddenly you've got this inner thing that's that's building and it's you think less about what's on the outside
More about the insides
All right
Dan do you have anything to plug?
Yeah, watch for my butt
Hell, yeah, I have to plug my butt. I have to plug my fat ass
I'm sorry. That's no
No, no, you had you have some of the you know why he's sorry is because he he he lost just
Strategic ground it's not because he actually has remorse or empathy, right? He's making he was like, oh shit
I'm the bad guy now. I better backpedal. That's a good feeling. Yeah. Yes. It's like oh, I oh did oh
Napoleon did you did you move into Russia?
It's fucking I sure did give me my iPad back. Yes. Give it back come over and get it come over and get it
Come to my house. I had people over yesterday. You didn't go up
I'm writing. It's hard to write
You're telling me you're you're telling me as soon as I'm finished. I will be a good person
I'm gonna end to this 45 years of being a piece of shit with retirement and I'm gonna know everyone's
Zodiac sign. I'm gonna like ask about your kids. It's good. I'm you everyone's gonna love me
They're gonna be like you were this cool the whole time. Yeah, I was busy. That's it. So watch for that coming up soon. Yeah
Now that Rick and Morty's in limbo, it's like faster upon us. All right, well
Anyone have a question for me?
Spencer is there anything you'd like to plug? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. That's a good all man
It's so interesting you ask. I guess I gotta think about that
You guys hear about these these Chinese murder vans
They're vans in China, isn't that just racist slang for ambulance? No, we we do do this every time
This is great. It's my favorite. This is becoming or like a real running gag
No, but they're these man these vans that they'll they'll pick you up and they'll kill you and put in theory
They're in some cases. They've they've linked to selling and transmitting your organs. So
Watch out for that. Yeah, also watch out for
If you have a student protest
In a giant square in the center of your town like they just turn off the cameras and roll all of you over with steamrollers and
There's that's another thing to keep your eye out for right tenements. That really happened. Yeah, they fucking
Those people are spaghetti those people are spaghetti by the by by numbers that would shock by numbers
Yeah, Tiananmen Square happen and notice the yeah, it's like they were like, well, look at the guy for the tank
I can't tell if you're being serious and then they and then and then they just
They just fucking soylent greened people into fucking like yeah, they killed everybody
They killed everybody
Everyone this is what happens in autocracies. This is why we shouldn't like think it's cool to fucking like Russia
They kill gay people in journalists like they they like like China is a fucking
Yeah, like you can't like like can I just quickly on a soapbox look people people who are like, oh man
You shouldn't be worried about Russia. It's like look read about Russia. It's really bad
They definitely are putting gay people into camps. It's not about virtue signaling. It's about pragmatism
If you're into game theory you and you're fucking like you should be scared of the idea of not having checks and balances and three branches of government
You fucking idiot. Yeah, sorry. You think I'm a noble person. I just don't want to die
The part of it is like the way news is reported in this country
So for example when if I can't think of the guys in when the first the hitler not the first but when the spy
Was poisoned radioactively poisoned scurple
It showed up on ABC News the day that it was sort of
Prominent as president was this is happening. He's dying. This is going on
If you read the economists, which is not the greatest magazine in the world
but like it is certainly informative and has an opinion about a lot of stuff and it's weekly and
They he was saying for a year and a half before that they're gonna get me
They're gonna get me and people were listening, but nobody's only thing and when they went in a Chernobyl and like
Or when it went in and bought these grills and like gas at that basement and then said well, there were people in there
They were going to do bad things. So we had to take them all out
There was a journalist who called bullshit on that and then she got shot in the head
Yeah, I'm gonna public courtyard. That's the thing
In a whole 20 shit like 20 things hit like that have happened like this is not we're not just making it up
Yeah, this shit has happened people are being killed. Yeah, we had a period in American history in the 1920s
like it with the gangland culture was like being celebrated by
Journalists and and you know as prohibition all that stuff the thing that really brought that whole thing down wasn't necessarily prohibitions repeal
And it wasn't Al Capone's taxes being
Police is they killed a journalist like like like somebody wrote something about one of the gangsters that the gangsters didn't like and they just
They just treated him the way they treat mobsters and the fun stopped like we in our most brutal times
Like we have always in this country
Maybe only for white people after Scott. It's like we have these fucking like standards of free press isn't about like piousness
It's not about like being holier than now. It's about like goddamn like we gotta you gotta be careful
We are animals. We will murder each other people will get away with what they get away with like you
You don't want to live in this world
You think you want to live in where tough guys are able to do whatever they want and everything seems cool
You're you're you're dumb you're dumb and you're 15 and you're stupid and I hate you read the flow chart
This is something that I figured out with no research. I I have I'm as dumb as you are
I'm a I'm a 15 year old that lived for 30 more years if that math is right. That's how stupid I am I
Along the way, here's what you pick up
You're gonna die if the government stops being a democracy you fucking moron knock it off
It's not fun. That's not gonna be fun
Journalists getting killed is not it's it is a it's like that's like your country has has HIV at that point
Like there is you can't you're
All right. Anyways
Quiptooth brushes are right amazing new
Um technology the the buzz when you brush your teeth Harmontown is brought to you by hymns for men for hymns
For hymns hymns for hymns for hymns.com if you're bald or or you're just your balls are I
Don't think you're describing impotence, right?
It's not when your balls go bald not the way I get it. It's a one-stop shop for all the things that plague men
You're you're you're you're going bald. Do you want to avoid it? You're I guess you're your wiener has
Why would you want to avoid it when it makes you so handsome?
Well, the listeners are gonna have to answer that question for themselves when they go to four hymns calm and take advantage of
Our sponsorship take the survey. It's free and ask yourself this
How much money is the sponsor model making compared to the subscription model and why are we doing this?
When it gets to the point where you're shilling boner pills, I don't I
Want to show boner pills, and it's a real problem
It could be it's it's it's it may be a battle we can afford to lose
All right. Well, Kara, did you have a good time? I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to fish
But it was a good podcast right you love being here. Yes, you come back sometime
Yeah, this this 8 p.m. On and on a Sunday in Burmick. Oh, yeah
It's good what else what I've done
All right. Well, I'm bad at ending shows. I'm bad at starting up about it running them
Everyone this is Jeff everyone. This is Kumail. Go fuck yourself. It's a terrible show. Here's your $5 back eat my dick
Fuck you
I'll be in a better mood next week because I will be done with all of my work
All right, and I'm never gonna work again. I'm not gonna work on anything
That's not easy. I'm gonna be like Baryshnikov, but without the training. I'm just gonna be a dude
That's like spinning around
Going there's your draft. Well, I look like you just falling. Yeah, that's what I did
Yo, yo
Hi pitched rapping close the show. Yo, it's time to go out the laptop dough
Close your shit
Buckle it put your shoes on send your mama picture of your tits
Say these are smaller than yours and she'll say that's cuz of heteronormative norms
And you'll say my titties are as big as they want to be she'll say but they can't compete with this come on see
And then you got to lunch and all right. Good night. See you next week. Oh
Yeah, that's our show everybody. Thanks so much for coming out
Thanks to
Crisco rough Sarah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, do that
Kevin Zach the audio maniac
Everyone that we forgetting Nolan Steve Levy. Oh boy. Thanks to our guest Cara Brown
Our guest comptroller Rob Schrab
DeMores Brown, of course and last but not least our mayor Dan Harmon. Thanks so much
Stay home and don't take chances
Oh
Oh, did you get any of that